(dp1
I2010
(dp2
VgnhXHvRoUd0
p3
V"Use Somebody" is a song by the American alternative rock group Kings of Leon. It was the second single from the band's fourth studio album Only by the Night (2008), released on December 8, 2008.[1][2] The single received heavy airplay in Scandinavia, the Republic of Ireland, Germany, the United Kingdom and Australia, where it was number one on the Official Airplay Chart for six consecutive weeks.[3] It was a huge success in the U.S., where it topped multiple airplay formats and reached number four on the Hot 100 and number one on the Pop Songs chart.[4] The song received positive reviews and won the Grammy Award for Record of the Year, Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal and Best Rock Song and was also nominated for Song of the Year.[5]
p4
sVpSFyrrhKj1Q
p5
V"Your Love" is a song by American recording artist Nicki Minaj, taken from her debut studio album Pink Friday (2010). It was released on June 1, 2010 by Young Money, Cash Money, and Universal Motown as the lead single of the album. The song was written by Minaj, Joseph Hughes, David Freedman, and Andrew "Pop" Wansel, and was produced by the latter. Minaj originally intended to release "Massive Attack" as the lead single from Pink Friday, though its release was scrapped after an underwhelming commercial performance.
p6
sVVSPQh11bi3s
p7
VTie Me Down is a song by American recording duo New Boyz. The song is the second single from their debut album Skinny Jeans and a Mic, and features R&B singer Ray J. Ray J's chorus uses the Autotune effect and there is also usage in the New Boyz' verses. Due to the success of the duo's first single, You're a Jerk, an EP was released called Tie Me Down: EP via digital download featuring the track and four other songs that would later be included on their debut album.
p8
sVoUbpGmR1-QM
p9
VDown is an R&B-electropop song by British artist Jay Sean.[1] The song was released in North America as his debut single from his first album there, All or Nothing. In other markets, including the United Kingdom, the song serves as Jay Sean's lead single from his third studio album. The single features American rapper and label mate Lil Wayne and is produced by J-Remy and Bobby Bass. "Down" is the seventh-best selling single of 2009, having sold more than three million digital copies in the United States alone,[2] and has been certified Platinum in several countries.[3] The song went on to sell four million copies in the United States[4] and six million copies worldwide,[5] and also received a large airplay of two billion listener impressions on radio worldwide.[6][7]
p10
sVWXxV9g7lsFE
p11
V"Replay" is the debut single from British Virgin Islands recording artist Iyaz. It is the first single released from his debut album of the same name, which was released on 8 June 2009. The single entered at the top of the UK Singles Chart, where it remained for three weeks until it was knocked off the summit by "Fireflies" by Owl City. Internationally, the single also topped the charts in Australia, Israel and Switzerland and peaked within the top ten of the charts in many countries, including Finland, France and the United States. The combined figure of the official music video and prequel video on YouTube is about 119 million views.
p12
sVF57P9C4SAW4
p13
V"California Gurls" is a song recorded by American singer Katy Perry for her third studio album, Teenage Dream (2010). The song features verses from rapper Snoop Dogg. Both artists co-wrote the song with Bonnie McKee and its co-producers Dr. Luke and Max Martin, with additional production from Benny Blanco. According to Perry, the song is an answer song to "Empire State of Mind" (2009), by Jay-Z and Alicia Keys. "California Gurls" is a midtempo disco-pop and funk-pop song with influences of new wave and electropop, while its lyrics are an ode to the state of California, in which both Perry and Snoop Dogg were born and raised.
p14
sVKgLOeEzM0Jc
p15
V"I Like It" is a song performed by Spanish singer Enrique Iglesias taken from his first bilingual studio album, Euphoria. It features guest vocals from American rapper Pitbull. Both artists co-wrote the electropop[1] song with RedOne, who produced it. It also interpolates Lionel Richie's 1983 single "All Night Long (All Night)".[2] "I Like It" was released on May 3, 2010.[3] The song was also included on the official soundtrack to MTV reality series Jersey Shore. A version of the song without Pitbull is also found on the international version of Euphoria. The song also serves as the first single from the Jersey Shore soundtrack.[4] The song was also the official song of Airtel 2010 Champions League Twenty20. The song has sold 4 million copies in the US alone,[5] and over 6 million copies worldwide. The reboot of this song is scheduled to be released in January 1st 2016 It will feature Logan Henderson and Shehzad Roy as singers.
p16
sVedP0L6LQzZE
p17
V"Take It Off" is a song by American recording artist and songwriter Kesha, from her debut album, Animal. It was written by Kesha Sebert, Lukasz Gottwald and Claude Kelly and it was produced by Dr. Luke with vocal editing done by Emily Wright. It was released as the fourth and final single from the album on July 13, 2010. "Take It Off"'s initial writing consisted of Kesha attending a drag show and becoming turned on by drag queens taking their clothing off. The song is an upbeat electropop and dance pop song that uses heavy amounts of auto tune and utilizes an electro infused beat.
p18
sVeM213aMKTHg
p19
V"Need You Now" is a country pop song performed by American country music trio Lady Antebellum. The band co-wrote the song with Josh Kear, and produced it with Paul Worley. It serves as the lead-off single and title track to their second studio album, Need You Now (2010), and was first released in the US on August 11, 2009.[1][2] The song also served as their debut single in the UK and Europe, where it was released April 23, 2010. It won four Grammy Awards in 2011, including for Song of the Year and Record of the Year, the first country song to win both honors since "Not Ready to Make Nice" by the Dixie Chicks won both in 2006, and only the second ever.
p20
sVnmnjL26OBcY
p21
V"Rock That Body" is a song co-produced by David Guetta and performed by American hip hop group The Black Eyed Peas taken from their multi-platinum selling fifth studio album The E.N.D. The song serves as the fifth international single from the album, and fifth and final in the United States, it was released in Australia on January 29 and was released on March 15 in the UK. The song was officially sent to U.S. radio stations on May 11, 2010.[1] The song peaked at number 9 on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming the 5th Top 10 hit from the album. The line "I wanna rock right now", which is repeated several times in the song, is sampled from Rob Base and DJ E-Z Rock's 1988 song "It Takes Two."[2]
p22
sVCHZtMNbrmWE
p23
V"Right Above It" is a song by American rapper Lil Wayne, released as the first single from his eighth studio album, I Am Not a Human Being (2010). The song features vocals from Canadian and Young Money rapper Drake, and is produced by American hip-hop producer Kane Beatz. The song is also written by rapper and producer Andrew Canton. The song achieved reasonable chart success, particularly in the United States where it peaked at number 6 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number one on the Hot Digital Songs chart, and also charted modestly internationally.
p24
sV5iDPw_qjhtM
p25
V"Stuck Like Glue" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music duo Sugarland. It was released July 26, 2010 as the first single from their album The Incredible Machine, released October 19, 2010.[1] "Stuck Like Glue" debuted at number 44 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart for the week of August 7, 2010, and debuted at #20 on Billboard Hot 100 the following week. It went on to sell 2,629,000 digital copies by May 2013.[2] The song was written by Jennifer Nettles, Kristian Bush, Kevin Griffin and Shy Carter.
p26
sVJlxByc0-V40
p27
V"Sweet Dreams" is a song recorded by American singer Beyoncé for her third studio album, I Am... Sasha Fierce (2008). Originally titled "Beautiful Nightmare", it leaked online in March 2008. The song was written and produced by Knowles, James Scheffer, Wayne Wilkins, and Rico Love. Columbia Records released "Sweet Dreams", the album's sixth single, to mainstream radio and rhythmic contemporary radio playlists in the United States on June 2, 2009, and elsewhere on July 13. It is an adventurous song composed in a synthpop arrangement and its instrumentation includes synthesizers, a keyboard, and snare drums. Knowles employs slinky vocals to sing the haunting lyrics, which describe a romantic relationship that the female protagonist believes could be a dream.
p28
sVy_SI2EDM6Lo
p29
V"Break Your Heart" is a song by English singer-songwriter Taio Cruz. The song serves as the lead single from his second studio album, Rokstarr (2009). It was written by Cruz and Fraser T Smith and produced by Smith. It was first released in the United Kingdom on 20 September 2009, followed by a release in the United States and other markets on 2 February 2010. The official remix version features American rapper Ludacris; that version was the single released in North American countries. The song, originally penned for Cheryl Cole, is an uptempo R&B song with synthpop and dance-pop elements, accompanied by Cruz's Auto-Tuned vocals. The song is lyrically a warning to someone about being a heartbreaker.
p30
sVRgsPyCLgf-I
p31
V"Over" is a song by Canadian recording artist, Drake. The song serves as the lead single from his debut album, Thank Me Later. It was written by Drake with Boi-1da, and produced by the latter and Al Khaaliq (Nick Brongers[2]). The orchestral samples were composed and arranged by Brongers.[3] The single was released for digital download on March 8, 2010. The song is midtempo hip-hop featuring an orchestral backdrop and lyrically about an introduction to fame. The song received positive reviews, commending the lyrics among other content.
p32
sVqHm9MG9xw1o
p33
VSeptember 21, 2009 (Germany) "Secrets" is the second single released from OneRepublic's second studio album Waking Up. It was released as the first single in Germany and Austria owing to its presence on the soundtrack of Til Schweiger's film Zweiohrküken. The movie is the sequel to the film Keinohrhasen, for which "Apologize" was the film soundtrack. The song rocketed up the German and Austrian airplay charts. The song was released in the United States iTunes Store on November 3, 2009.[1] The song was due for a UK release on April 5, 2010 but was later canceled. It was sent to U.S. Top 40/Mainstream radio on June 1, 2010.
p34
sV-q0LE3gtUn8
p35
V"You Don't Treat Me No Good" is a song recorded by the American soul group Sonia Dada. Released in 1992, the song was a number-one hit in Australia, spending four weeks at the top of the ARIA Charts. Eighteen years later, country music singer Jerrod Niemann released a cover version under the title "Lover, Lover," and his version reached number one on the U.S. Hot Country Songs chart.
p36
sVpBI3lc18k8Q
p37
V"Whatcha Say" is the debut single by American recording artist Jason Derulo and the first single released from his self-titled debut album. It was produced by J. R. Rotem with additional production by German producer Fuego and heavily samples the song "Hide and Seek" by Imogen Heap.[1] "Whatcha Say" topped the Billboard Hot 100 for one week.
p38
sVrhBwt9mw7Sk
p39
V"Deuces" is a song written and performed by American recording artist Chris Brown and American rappers Tyga and Kevin McCall. Produced by McCall, "Deuces" was released digitally on June 25, 2010, as the lead single from Brown's first collaborative effort with Tyga, titled Fan of a Fan (2010). The song is a slow, down-tempo R&B ballad featuring elements from the genres of house and pop music, while the song is lyrically about "breaking it off with a girl after failed attempts to make the relationship work".[1] "Deuces" was later included on Brown's fourth studio album, F.A.M.E. (2011).
p40
sVsEac4BOGKxM
p41
V"Life After You" is a song by the band Daughtry, released as the second single from their album Leave This Town. Chris Daughtry wrote the song with Nickelback vocalist Chad Kroeger.[1] Two versions of the original version exist: an album version and a music video version with the crowd cheering at the end. "Life After You" received positive reviews from music critics and was a success in most of the charts. It was also featured as the soundtrack of the 2013 animated film Alpha and Omega 2: A Howl-iday Adventure.
p42
sVa_YR4dKArgo
p43
V"Naturally" is a song performed by American band Selena Gomez & the Scene, taken from their debut studio album Kiss & Tell (2010). It was released by Hollywood Records as the album's second single in the United States and select other countries; it served as the lead single in most European markets. The song was produced by Antonina Armato and Tim James who wrote the song with Devrim Karaoglu. Musically, "Naturally" is an uptempo pop song which relies on electropop and dance-pop styles. The song's lyrics speak of a relationship in which feelings are not forced and the protagonist sings of their happiness. The song officially impacted US mainstream radio on January 19, 2010, and was released physically in numerous European countries thereafter.
p44
sVNJ9pYU-fa18
p45
V"Say Something" is a song recorded by American producer, songwriter and rapper Timbaland, for his third studio album Shock Value II (2009). The song features vocals from Canadian rapper Drake. It was written by Mosley, Jerome Harmon, Graham, Timothy Clayton and John Maultsby. The production was helmed by Mosley under his stage-name Timbaland while Harmon served as the assistant producer, under the stage-name Jroc. The song was tailored to Drake's sound and when the rapper wrote to it, he contacted the producer about the lyrics. Despite the verses feeling more like Graham's record, Mosley gave his blessing and went the product. The song was solicited to digital retailers on November 3, 2009 in the United States as the album's second single.
p46
sVKk8eJh4i8Lo
p47
V"Bulletproof" is a song by English synthpop duo La Roux from their eponymous debut album, La Roux (2009). Written and produced by members Elly Jackson and Ben Langmaid, the song was released digitally in the United Kingdom on 21 June 2009 and physically the following day as the album's third single.
p48
sVXPBwXKgDTdE
p49
V"Mine" is a country pop song performed by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The song was written by Taylor Swift alone and produced by Swift along with Nathan Chapman. It was released as the lead single from Swift's third studio album, Speak Now (2010) by Big Machine Records. Following an unauthorized internet leak, the song was released on August 4, 2010, two weeks earlier than the intended release date. Swift was inspired to write "Mine" after reflecting on one of her unnamed crushes and explained that the song is about her tendency to run from love. The song contains elements of pop music and its lyrics speak of the ups and downs of a young love.
p50
sVqrOeGCJdZe4
p51
V"All the Right Moves" is the lead single by OneRepublic from their second album Waking Up, released to mainstream radio on September 24, 2009.[5] and released for digital download on October 6, 2009. It is the band's first single of the album for all countries except Austria and Germany, where "Secrets" serves as the first single from the new album.
p52
sVeR7-AUmiNcA
p53
V"King of Anything" is a song written and recorded by American singer Sara Bareilles. The song was produced by Neal Avron, and served as the first single from the album Kaleidoscope Heart (2010).[1] The song was nominated at the 53rd Grammy Awards for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance, though it ultimately lost to Lady Gaga's "Bad Romance". The song was her second time being nominated for the category and her third nomination overall.
p54
sVpD8mxge6kek
p55
V"Hey Daddy (Daddy's Home)" is a song by American R&B singer, Usher. The song is the first single in the United States from Usher's sixth studio album Raymond v. Raymond, following the buzz single "Papers". The song was written by longtime Usher collaborator Rico Love, Usher, Plies and The Runners and it was also produced by the Love and The Runners. The remix version of the song, featuring Plies was released to radio stations on December 8, 2009, and subsequently available for digital download on December 15, 2009.
p56
sVw4s6H4ku6ZY
p57
V"Like a G6" is a 2010 song written and performed by Far East Movement, The Cataracs, and Dev, with the latter two being credited as featured artists. It is the lead single from Far East Movement's third studio album Free Wired, and production was handled by The Cataracs. For the chorus, Dev samples a verse from her own single "Booty Bounce", which was also written and produced by the Cataracs.[1]
p58
sV-J7J_IWUhls
p59
V"The Only Exception" is a song by the American rock band Paramore. It was released by Fueled by Ramen in February 2010 as the third single from the band's 2009 studio album Brand New Eyes. The song was written by Paramore band members Hayley Williams and Josh Farro; Paramore is also credited as being co-producers to the song. The song was generally well received by music critics; praise of the song was mainly about Williams' vocal performance. Music critics reviewing the song noted that "The Only Exception" was a different musical theme for the band.
p60
sVz4tqij8zsOU
p61
V"Empire State of Mind" is a song by American rapper Jay-Z, featuring vocals and a chorus from American singer Alicia Keys. It was released as the third single from Jay-Z's 11th studio album, The Blueprint 3 (2009), by his Roc Nation label in October 2009. The song was written as a tribute to both artists' hometown, New York City, and features a music sample of "Love on a Two-Way Street" (1970), written by Sylvia Robinson and Bert Keyes and performed by The Moments. "Empire State of Mind" was originally written by Brooklyn natives Angela Hunte and Jane't "Jnay" Sewell-Ulepic who were feeling homesick while on an overseas trip in February 2009. The following month they submitted the song to Jay-Z's Roc Nation, whose reviews were a discouragement. Following an incident that Hunte and Sewell-Ulepic describe as an omen, they took the suggestion of an associate of EMI Music Publishing and resubmitted it to Jay-Z, who kept the sung "New York" hook, changed the verses, and recorded it as a single.
p62
sViiXamyG7O8U
p63
V"Ridin' Solo" is the third single from Jason Derulo's self-titled debut album, produced by J.R. Rotem. The demo originally sampled "Bitter Sweet Symphony" by The Verve, but the sample was not cleared and was subsequently replaced with electronic motifs which are featured throughout the entire song.[1] On May 16, 2010, "Ridin' Solo" became Derulo's third consecutive top three hit on the UK Singles Chart. It is his third consecutive number-one hit on the UK R&B Chart and third consecutive top ten hit on the US Billboard Hot 100.
p64
sVox-lfowevqA
p65
V"How Low" is a song by American rapper Ludacris. It is the lead single from his seventh studio album, Battle of the Sexes. The song premiered at the BET Hip Hop Awards in Atlanta, which took place on October 10, 2009. However, the ceremony was aired on October 27, 2009. It was performed by Ludacris as the second half of a medley that began with Lil Scrappy's "Addicted to Money", a song in which he is featured. The track was produced by Canadian producer T-Minus. The song was released via iTunes on December 8, 2009. The song debuted on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 at 13.[1] The music video was filmed on December 23, 2009 in Los Angeles, California and was directed by Dave Meyers. The music video leaked on the internet on January 20, 2010.[2] The single is Ludacris best-seller as a lead artist with sales of 2,216,000 units as of August, 2012, and it has been certified Double platinum by the RIAA.[3][4]
p66
sVMeQBj5hYiIw
p67
VDecember 11, 2009 "Say Aah" is a song by American recording artist Trey Songz featuring American rapper Fabolous. The track was written by the two along with Nate Walka, Ronald M. Ferebee, Jr., Tony Scales, and Don Correll, with the latter producing it with Troy Taylor. The song has lyrical content referring to a night of drinking during a birthday celebration.
p68
sVPu1aQvm5MrU
p69
V"According to You" is the debut single by Australian guitarist Orianthi from her second studio album, Believe. The song was written by Andrew Frampton and Steve Diamond, and produced by Howard Benson. It was released in Australia in late October 2009. As it quickly gained popularity, it was sent to mainstream radio stations in the United States and Canada in November 2009, later making impact on rhythmic radio,[2][3] and finally to adult contemporary radio. Orianthi performed this song on So You Think You Can Dance, on 19 November 2009[4] and on American Idol on 17 March 2010. It was released in the UK on 6 September 2010. The song was also made available as downloadable content for the Rock Band series on 4 May 2010. It also uses as a theme song of Killer Girls in Australia on Network Seven
p70
sVpa14VNsdSYM
p71
V"Only Girl (In the World)" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her fifth studio album, Loud (2010). It was released on September 10, 2010, as the lead single from the album. Crystal Johnson wrote the song in collaboration with producers Stargate and Sandy Vee. Rihanna contacted Stargate prior to the production of Loud and asked them to create lively, up\u2014tempo music. "Only Girl (In the World)" was the first song to be composed for the album, and she decided to include it on the track list before recording her vocals. Backed by a strong bass and synthesizers, it draws influence from a multitude of genres, including dance, Hi-NRG and Europop. The lyrics revolve around Rihanna demanding the physical attention of her lover.
p72
sVI7HahVwYpwo
p73
V"Meet Me Halfway" is a song by American hip hop group The Black Eyed Peas. It was released as the third promotional single from their fifth studio album The E.N.D. It was later released as the album's third single.[2] The song peaked at number seven on the Billboard Hot 100, and topped the charts in Australia, Germany, Romania and the United Kingdom. In the latter country, "Meet Me Halfway" became the tenth biggest-selling single of 2009.
p74
sVkdAj-dBNCi4
p75
V"Imma Be" is a song performed by the American hip hop group The Black Eyed Peas taken from their fifth studio album The E.N.D. The song's title is a slang expression, meaning "I am going to be" or "I will be" [something or some activity]. Initially released as a promotional single, the song went on to receive a full release as the fourth single in the United States and Canada from the album, the fifth overall, and is the third single from the album to reach number-one on the Billboard Hot 100. Critical reception to the song was generally positive, with some critics saying that it was a standout track from the album. The video for the song was filmed back-to-back as one collective clip, totaling ten minutes in length with "Rock That Body" which is the fourth international single from the album. The collective montage is titled "Imma Be Rocking That Body". The song was part of the soundtrack of the film The Other Guys (2010) and was used in the bar scene.[1] The song can also be heard in the film The Hangover Part II (2011). However, it does not feature on the official soundtrack.
p76
sVuSD4vsh1zDA
p77
V"I Gotta Feeling" is the second single from The Black Eyed Peas' fifth album The E.N.D., produced by the French DJ David Guetta.[2] The song was released on June 23, 2009[3] and debuted at number two on the Canadian and Billboard Hot 100 on the week of June 27, 2009, behind the group's "Boom Boom Pow", making the group one of 11 artists who have occupied the top two positions of the Billboard Hot 100 at the same time. The song later reached number one on the US charts and 20 charts worldwide.
p78
sV7NJqUN9TClM
p79
V"If I Die Young" is a song written by Kimberly Perry, and recorded by American country music group The Band Perry. It was released in June 2010 as the second single from the group's self-titled debut album, which was released on October 12, 2010. 
p80
sVC-dvTjK_07c
p81
V"DJ Got Us Fallin' in Love" is a song by American R&B recording artist Usher. It features guest vocals from American rapper Pitbull, who co-wrote the song with Savan Kotecha and the producers Shellback and Max Martin. It was released to digital download on July 13, 2010, and sent to radio on July 20, 2010, as the first single from Usher's EP, Versus, which is an extension of his sixth studio album, Raymond v. Raymond. A Europop, electronic dance track, the song puts emphasis on its chorus, and follows the chord progression of Gm-F-E\u266d. It received mixed to positive reviews from critics, who favoured its production and Usher's vocals, but criticised the song's lack of originality.
p82
sVX1Fqn9du7xo
p83
V"Whataya Want from Me" is a song by American recording artist and American Idol season eight runner-up Adam Lambert from his debut studio album, For Your Entertainment. It was released as the second single from the album. The song peaked at number 10[1] on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming his highest charted single since his digital cover version of "Mad World". The song charted within the top 10 of the charts in thirteen countries.
p84
sV8PTDv_szmL0
p85
V"Nothin' on You" is the debut single by American rapper B.o.B. The song features vocals from Bruno Mars. The song is included in B.o.B's debut studio album, B.o.B Presents: The Adventures of Bobby Ray. An official remix version of this song, which features Big Boi, debuted on March 21, 2010.[2] The song reached number one in the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States. The song was nominated for three Grammys, including Record of the Year, on December 1, 2010 for the 53rd Grammy Awards.
p86
sVLjhCEhWiKXk
p87
V"Just the Way You Are" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Bruno Mars. It is the lead single from his debut studio album, Doo-Wops & Hooligans (2010).[1] The song was written by The Smeezingtons, Khalil Walton and Needlz and produced by The Smeezingtons, and Needlz.[2] It was released in the United States on December 14, 2009. It has also received airplay from AOL Radio's New Pop First station.[3] The track was added to BBC Radio 1 A Playlist in the United Kingdom, and was released in the United Kingdom on September 19, 2010 as "Just the Way You Are (Amazing)".[4][5]
p88
sVXcwd_Nz6Zog
p89
V"Hard" is a song by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna from her fourth studio album, Rated R (2009). The song was written by Terius Nash, Christopher Stewart, Rihanna, and Jeezy, with vocals performed by the latter two. Nash and Stewart produced it under their stage names, The-Dream and Tricky Stewart. "Hard" was sent to radio by Def Jam Recordings on November 10, 2009, as the second United States single from Rated R. It is a hip hop song and features military horns, hissing synthesizers, sharp beats and piano chords. Upon its release, it received critical acclaim, with critics praising Rihanna's vocal performance and Jeezy's collaboration.
p90
sVVysgv7qVYTo
p91
V"Dynamite" is a song by English recording artist Taio Cruz for the international version of his second studio album, Rokstarr (2010). Cruz co-wrote the song Max Martin, Bonnie McKee, Benny Blanco, and Dr. Luke; the latter two are also the producers. It was released internationally as the fourth single from Rokstarr. In the UK, the song was released as the first single from Cruz's compilation album, The Rokstarr Collection (2010). On 30 May 2010, it was released to US and Canadian radio stations as his second single and across Europe as his fourth single. An official remix was released featuring new label mate, Jennifer Lopez.
p92
sVNRdHsuuXxfk
p93
VCarry Out is a song recorded by American rapper and producer Timbaland for his third studio album Shock Value II (2009). The song features guest vocals from longtime collaborator, American recording artist Justin Timberlake. Timbaland and Timberlake co-wrote the song with Timothy "Attitude" Clayton, Jim Beanz and Jerome "J-Roc" Harmon; with Harmon co-producing the song with Timbaland. Mosley Music Group, together with Blackground and Interscope Records, serviced the song to contemporary hit radio on December 1, 2009 in the United States, as the third single from Shock Value II.
p94
sVAYC2FUutdKA
p95
V"My First Kiss" is a song recorded by American electronic duo 3OH!3. The song was written by Lukasz Gottwald, Sean Foreman, Nathaniel Motte and Benny Blanco, and was produced by Dr. Luke, and Blanco for their third studio album, Streets of Gold. The song was released as the lead single from Streets of Gold on May 4, 2010. The song's inspiration is about going through one's first kiss and exploring further parts of a relationship.
p96
sVHa80ZaecGkQ
p97
V"BedRock" is the second single by hip hop group Young Money Entertainment from their debut collaboration album We Are Young Money. It is performed by Young Money artists Lil Wayne, Gudda Gudda, Nicki Minaj, Drake, Tyga, Jae Millz, and features R&B singer Lloyd. It was released as a CD in the United Kingdom on March 22, 2010.[2] "BedRock" is featured as a bonus track on the Japanese and New Zealand editions of Nicki Minaj's debut studio album, Pink Friday.
p98
sVd2smz_1L2_0
p99
V"Paparazzi" is a song by American singer-songwriter Lady Gaga from her debut studio album, The Fame (2008). It was released as the fifth and final single by Interscope Records. Gaga wrote and produced the song with Rob Fusari. The song portrays Gaga's struggles in her quest for fame, as well as balancing success and love. Musically, it is an up-tempo dance-pop song whose lyrics describe a stalker following somebody to grab attention and fame.
p100
sVotwLLAPTBjc
p101
V"Two Is Better Than One" is a song written by American musician Martin Johnson and recorded by his group, the Andover power pop band Boys Like Girls. It is included on their second studio album, Love Drunk, which was released in 2009. The song is the second official single from the album and features country pop artist Taylor Swift, with the track sometimes known by "Two Is Better Than One (Feat. Taylor Swift)" and other titles. On some advanced copies of the album sent to reviewers and members of the press, the song does not feature Swift, rather, Johnson handles all vocals.
p102
sVN6O2ncUKvlg
p103
V3:57 "Just a Dream" is a song performed by American recording artist Nelly, released as the lead single from his 2010 album 5.0. The song was written by Mitch J, Nelly, Rico Love, Jim Jonsin and Frank Romano with Jonsin and Love producing the song.[1] The song was released from August 16, 2010 to iTunes Stores around the world for digital download.[2] It was released alongside with the promotional single, "Tippin' In da Club".[3] On October 6, 2010 the song was certified triple platinum by the RIAA.[4]
p104
sVj5-yKhDd64s
p105
V"Not Afraid" is a song by American rapper Eminem from his seventh studio album, Recovery (2010). It was released as the album's lead single on April 29, 2010, by Interscope Records. "Not Afraid" was first revealed as a single by Eminem via Twitter, after which the song debuted on radio. To promote the single's release, a freestyle rap, "Despicable", was released on the Internet and received attention for its tone and lyrical content.
p106
sVm_UGFnGLsQo
p107
V"Young Forever" is the fourth single by American hip hop rapper Jay-Z from his album The Blueprint 3 off the Roc Nation label. The song was produced by Kanye West. It is a rework of Alphaville's 1984 song "Forever Young": the original melody is retained, Mr Hudson sings the original lyrics (primarily during the chorus), and Jay-Z raps in place of the verses.
p108
sV8MGUytph688
p109
V"There Goes My Baby" is a song by American recording artist Usher. It was written by James Scheffer, Frank Romano, Danny Morris and Rico Love, with the latter producing the song with Jim Jonsin. The song was first released as the second promo single for his sixth studio album, Raymond v. Raymond (2010) on February 9, 2010, and later released to rhythmic and urban airplay as the album's fourth U.S. single from the album on June 15, 2010. It was later included the album's follow-up set, Versus. "There Goes My Baby" is a down-tempo R&B piece, which makes use of Usher's falsetto range.
p110
sVprmmCg5bKxA
p111
V"Eenie Meenie" is a song by Jamaican-American singer Sean Kingston and Canadian singer Justin Bieber. The song was written by Kingston, Bieber, Carlos Battey, Steven Battey, Benny Blanco, Marcos Palacios and Ernest Clark, and was produced by Blanco. It was originally released as the first single from Kingston's third studio album Back 2 Life on March 23, 2010, but was taken off for unknown reasons. However, it is included on Bieber's My World 2.0. The song, a dance-pop number with Kingston's reggae influences and Bieber's R&B vocals, is lyrically about an indecisive lover.
p112
sVNWdrO4BoCu8
p113
V"Impossible" is a song by Barbadian recording artist Shontelle. It is the lead single from her second studio album, No Gravity (2010). The song was written by Arnthor Birgisson and Ina Wroldsen, and produced by Birgisson. It was released digitally on 9 February 2010. "Impossible" peaked at number 13 on the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States, number 33 in Canada, number nine in the United Kingdom and number five in Denmark.
p114
sVkVpv8-5XWOI
p115
V"Hey, Soul Sister" is a song by the American rock band Train, written by lead singer Patrick Monahan, Amund Bjørklund, and Espen Lind. It was released as the lead single from the band's fifth studio album, Save Me, San Francisco. The song reached number three on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and is Train's highest charting song to date. As of September 21st 2012, it had sold over 6 million digital copies in the US.[1] It was the top-selling song on iTunes Store in 2010,[2] and the second overall best-selling song in the US in 2010.[3] It is also the band's most commercially successful single to date, reaching number one in 16 countries. The single received a 6x platinum certification by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) on September 21st, 2012, signifying sales of over 6 million copies.[4] The live iTunes version of "Hey, Soul Sister" garnered a Grammy Award for Train at the 53rd Annual Grammy Awards. The song was not eligible for any Grammy in the General Field.
p116
sVaZglqkCRNt8
p117
V"Teach Me How to Dougie" is a song recorded by American hip hop group Cali Swag District. The track was produced by Runway Star for Cali Swag District's debut studio album, The Kickback (2011). The song was written by Chanti Glee, Charon Childs, and Corey Fowler. The song was released digitally on April 12, 2010 as the first single from the album through Capitol Records. The song refers to the Dougie dance, which originated in Dallas, Texas.
p118
sVsrMBZiqNMaM
p119
V"Try Sleeping with a Broken Heart" is a song by American recording artist Alicia Keys. It was released as the second single (third in the UK) from her fourth studio album, The Element of Freedom (2009). The ballad has been hailed by many music critics as the best track from the album. It marks a departure in Keys' artistic production. This single was Keys' third consecutive top 10 hit from The Element of Freedom in the United Kingdom. It was also the 99th most successful song of the year 2010 in the Billboard Hot 100.[3]
p120
sVVuNIsY6JdUw
p121
V"You Belong with Me" is a country pop song performed by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The song was co-written by Swift and Liz Rose and produced by Nathan Chapman with Swift's aid. It was released on April 18, 2009, by Big Machine Records as the third single from Swift's second studio album, Fearless (2008). Swift was inspired to write "You Belong with Me" after overhearing a male friend of hers arguing with his girlfriend through a phone call; she continued to develop a story line afterward. The song contains many pop music elements and its lyrics have Swift desiring an out-of-reach love interest.
p122
sVniqrrmev4mA
p123
V"Alejandro" is a song by American recording artist Lady Gaga. It was released as the third single from her third extended play (EP) and second major release, The Fame Monster (2009). Co-written and produced by RedOne and inspired by her "Fear of Sex Monster", the lyrics portray Gaga bidding farewell to her lovers. Musically, it is composed as a mid-tempo synthpop song with an uplifting melody.
p124
sViP6XpLQM2Cs
p125
V"Tik Tok" (stylized as "TiK ToK") is the debut single by American recording artist Kesha. The song was produced by Benny Blanco and Dr. Luke and co-written by Blanco, Dr. Luke and Kesha. It was released on August 7, 2009 as the lead single from Kesha's debut studio album, Animal. The opening line of the song came from an experience where Kesha woke up surrounded by beautiful women, to which she imagined Diddy being in a similar scenario. The experience triggered the writing of the song which she later brought to her producer, Dr. Luke, who was then contacted by Diddy in hopes of a collaboration; he came to the studio the same day and recorded his lines and the song was completed.
p126
sVEVBsypHzF3U
p127
V"Telephone" is a song recorded by Lady Gaga which features American R&B singer Beyoncé for Gaga's third EP, The Fame Monster (2009). The song was written by Gaga, Rodney Jerkins, LaShawn Daniels, Lazonate Franklin and Beyoncé. Inspired by her fear of suffocation, Gaga explained that the lyrics preferring relaxing on the dance floor to answering her lover's phone call are a metaphor, the phone calling her representing the fear of not having worked hard enough to succeed. Originally, Gaga wrote the song for Britney Spears, who recorded a demo. Musically, "Telephone" consists of an expanded bridge, verse-rap and a sampled voice of an operator announcing that the phone line is unreachable. Beyoncé appears in the middle of the song, singing the verses in a rapid-fire way, accompanied by double beats.
p128
sV1AJmKkU5POA
p129
V"Haven't Met You Yet" is the first single from Canadian singer Michael Bublé's fourth album, Crazy Love, released on August 31, 2009.[1] According to Bublé, the single and its official music video are "about everyone's dream of finding a relationship and love."[2] Bublé co-wrote "Haven't Met You Yet" with Alan Chang and Amy Foster-Gilles, and dedicated it to his then fiancée and now wife, Luisana Lopilato (who appears as his love interest in the music video).[3][citation needed]
p130
sVGGXzlRoNtHU
p131
V"All I Do Is Win" is the second official single from DJ Khaled's fourth studio album Victory. The track features artists T-Pain, Ludacris, Snoop Dogg and Rick Ross.[1] It was released on February 8, 2010, along with "Put Your Hands Up". The single was certified Double Platinum by the RIAA.[3] It is the only Billboard Hot 100 charting single from the album.
p132
sVbOEvBlNI-wc
p133
V"Forever" is a single by rappers Drake, Kanye West, Lil Wayne, and Eminem. The song is released as a single from the soundtrack to LeBron James's More Than a Game documentary. The song was also placed on the re-release of Eminem's album Relapse, entitled Relapse: Refill. Eminem performed his verse of the song at the American Music Awards of 2009. Drake performed the song with Lil Wayne, Eminem and Travis Barker at the 52nd Grammy Awards.
p134
sVRO17ATygymo
p135
V"I Made It (Cash Money Heroes)" is the first single from Kevin Rudolf's second studio album To the Sky. The single features fellow Cash Money artists Birdman, Jay Sean and Lil Wayne and was released on iTunes on February 2, 2010. A new, shorter version was later released and replaced the original version on iTunes. This version is the album version.
p136
sVCq-NShfefks
p137
V"Magic"is a song by American hip hop recording artist B.o.B, released on June 7, 2010 as the fifth single from his debut studio album B.o.B Presents: The Adventures of Bobby Ray (2010). The track features Weezer's lead singer Rivers Cuomo, singing the chorus. It was written by both artists, alongside the song's producer Dr. Luke. In the UK, the track made Radio 1's B-Playlist.[1]
p138
sVqrO4YZeyl0I
p139
V"Bad Romance" is a song by American singer Lady Gaga from her third extended play, The Fame Monster (2009). It was written and produced by Gaga and RedOne. Lyrically, "Bad Romance" explores Gaga's attraction to individuals with whom romance never works, her preference for lonely relationships and the paranoia she experienced while on tour. Following an illegal demo leak, Gaga showcased the final product at Alexander McQueen's show at the Paris Fashion Week in October 2009, followed by the release of the single's cover art. Musically, "Bad Romance" features a spoken bridge, a full-throated chorus and sung lyrics about being in love with one's best friend. The song, which is imbued with elements of Germanesque house and techno, as well as music from 1980s and the 1990s, was touted by Gaga as an experimental pop record. The song contains a few lines in French.
p140
sV98WtmW-lfeE
p141
V"Teenage Dream" is a song by American singer Katy Perry. It was released as the second single from her third studio album of the same name on July 23, 2010. Perry and Bonnie McKee wrote many songs with youthful themes in mind, but they were rejected by producers Benny Blanco and Dr. Luke. Blanco showed them The Teenagers' single "Homecoming", and McKee imagined "Teenage Dream" as a throwback song to the euphoric feelings of being in love as a teenager. They met with Max Martin in Perry's hometown of Santa Barbara, California and started writing the track at Playback Recording Studio, which Perry later described as a pure moment for her. After Perry recorded her vocals, McKee presented her idea and the chorus was rewritten. Perry also described the song as reminiscent of her youth while contemplating her future marriage to Russell Brand.
p142
sVXyv4Bjja8yc
p143
V"Find Your Love" is a song by Canadian recording artist, Drake. The song was written by Drake, Patrick Reynolds, Jeff Bhasker, and Kanye West, and produced by the latter two and No I.D.. It serves as the second single from his debut album Thank Me Later, and was released to radio on April 28, 2010, and digital download on May 5, 2010. The song became a hit on June 17, 2010.
p144
sVSgM3r8xKfGE
p145
V"Club Can't Handle Me" is a song by American rapper Flo Rida featuring French producer David Guetta and Nicole Scherzinger (who is uncredited). It was released as a digital download on iTunes on June 28, 2010 as the lead single of the Step Up 3D soundtrack album and is also included on Flo Rida's third studio album, Only One Flo (Part 1).
p146
sVMzCLLHscMOw
p147
V"Breakeven" is a song by Irish pop rock band The Script, taken from their eponymous debut album (2008). 
p148
sVQR_qa3Ohwls
p149
V"Your Love Is My Drug" is a song by American singer-songwriter Kesha, taken from her debut studio album, Animal (2010). It was released as the album's third single on May 14, 2010. The song was written by Kesha and Pebe Sebert, with Ammo, who co-produced the song with Dr. Luke and Benny Blanco. "Your Love Is My Drug"'s initial writing took place during a plane ride. Kesha stated the song had a carefree message and was not meant to be taken too seriously. The song's inspiration came from Kesha and her ex-boyfriend; it is about their psychotic relationship with their love for one another being compared to a drug. According to Kesha, the song sounds happy but also contains a dark undertone, of an obsession for someone and is about being heartbroken.
p150
sVs1JjxrvaxJM
p151
V"Today Was a Fairytale" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The song was written by Swift and produced by Nathan Chapman with Swift's help. It was released on January 22, 2010 by Big Machine Records as a single from the corresponding soundtrack for the 2010 film Valentine's Day, which she acted in. Swift had previously written the song and offered it to producers for the film's soundtrack. Musically, "Today Was a Fairytale" is pop-influenced and, lyrically, speaks of a magical date.
p152
sVoTs6oQx1WJY
p153
V"3" is a song recorded by American singer Britney Spears for her second greatest hits album, The Singles Collection (2009). It was written and produced by Max Martin and Shellback, with additional writing from Tiffany Amber. The song was released on October 2, 2009 by Jive Records, as the only single from The Singles Collection. "3" is an uptempo electropop song that features a heavy bassline and synthesizers, and lyrics that talk about threesomes, while referencing American folk-singing trio Peter, Paul and Mary during the chorus as sexual slang.
p154
sVkn6-c223DUU
p155
V"Airplanes" is a song by American rapper B.o.B, featuring vocals from Hayley Williams, lead singer of American pop rock band Paramore. The song was released in April 2010, as the third single from his debut studio album, B.o.B Presents: The Adventures of Bobby Ray. B.o.B co-wrote the song alongside Kinetics & One Love, Alex da Kid, DJ Frank E, and Christine Dominguez. DJ Frank E also co-produced the song with Alex da Kid.[1][2] The song was released to iTunes on April 13, 2010[3] and was sent to urban radio on April 27, 2010.[4]
p156
sV6g6g2mvItp4
p157
V"Misery" is a song by American band Maroon 5. It was released on June 22, 2010 by A&M Octone Records via the iTunes Store. The song was released in advance of the band's mid-2010 tour, and is the first single from their third studio album, Hands All Over, which was released on September 21, 2010.[1]
p158
sVekAXPCphKXQ
p159
V"Bottoms Up" is a song by American recording artist Trey Songz. It was produced by Kane Beatz, and features American recording artist Nicki Minaj. The song serves as the lead single from his fourth studio album, Passion, Pain & Pleasure. It is his most successful single to date, peaking at #6 on the Billboard Hot 100.
p160
sV1RnPB76mjxI
p161
V"OMG" is a song by American recording artist Usher and American rapper will.i.am, who also wrote and produced the song. It uses the auto-tune effect in several lines, as well as Jock Jams-esque sports arena chanting. It was released on March 22, 2010 as the first worldwide single off his sixth studio album, Raymond v. Raymond, and the fourth single overall, following the three US singles "Papers", "Hey Daddy (Daddy's Home)", and "Lil Freak". The song was met with a mixed reception from critics, who criticized the use of auto-tune, but commended the song's dance and club vibe. The song marks the second time that Usher has collaborated with will.i.am, following the single "What's Your Name", from his previous album Here I Stand (2008).
p162
sVh6jnynVLfLA
p163
V"Live Like We're Dying" is a song written by Danny O'Donoghue, Glen Power, Mark Sheehan, and Steve Kipner. It appeared as a bonus track on their band's eponymous debut album, The Script, as well as a B-side for some of the album's singles. It is better known for being performed by American recording artist Kris Allen. The song serves as the lead single from his self-titled major label debut album. It was released for digital download on September 21, 2009.
p164
sVywtJYvDBKek
p165
V"Undo It" is a song written by Carrie Underwood, Kara DioGuardi, Marti Frederiksen, and Luke Laird. It was made available to digital retailers on October 27, 2009, and was released as an official single on May 24, 2010. The song is the third single from Underwood's third studio album, Play On.
p166
sVuelHwf8o7_U
p167
V"Love The Way You Lie" is a song recorded by the American rapper Eminem with the Barbadian singer Rihanna, from Eminem's seventh studio album Recovery (2010). The singer-songwriter Skylar Grey wrote and recorded the demo alongside the producer Alex da Kid when she felt she was in an abusive romantic relationship with the music industry. Eminem wrote the verses and chose Rihanna to sing the chorus, resulting in a collaboration influenced by their past experiences in difficult relationships. Recording sessions were held in Ferndale, Michigan, and Dublin, Ireland. Backed by guitar, piano and violin, the track is a midtempo hip hop ballad with a pop refrain and describes two lovers who refuse to separate despite being in a dangerous love\u2013hate relationship.
p168
sVUyG1FG3H6rY
p169
V"In My Head" is a song by American R&B recording artist Jason Derulo, released as the second single from his self-titled debut studio album. It was first released via digital download on December 10, 2009. It topped the charts in Australia, Poland and the United Kingdom, and peaked within the top ten of the charts in several other countries. The song's official remix has a heavier R&B sound, and features Trinidadian rapper Nicki Minaj.[4] Derulo performed the song on the ninth season of American Idol.
p170
sVa81eP2E8MEQ
p171
V"Do You Remember" is the second single by British R&B artist Jay Sean from his American-debut album, All or Nothing. The song features Jamaican dancehall musician Sean Paul and American crunk rapper Lil Jon. The song was produced by J-Remy and Bobby Bass. The song was released to U.S. radio stations on 20 October 2009 and released as a digital download on iTunes on 3 November 2009. It is Sean's second single to enter the top ten on the Billboard Hot 100, making him the first male act since Chingy in 2003 to "simultaneously appear in the Hot 100 top 10 with his first two charting singles."[1] The single has sold more than a million digital copies in the United States alone.[2] It was later released in the UK on 22 February 2010.
p172
sVTzzr7RbzUTs
p173
V"American Honey" is a song written by Cary Barlowe, Hillary Lindsey and Shane Stevens, and recorded by American country music group Lady Antebellum. It was released on January 11, 2010 as the second single from their album Need You Now. The group's fifth single overall, it debuted on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts dated for January 2, 2010. The song is part of the track listing to Now That's What I Call Music! 34.
p174
sVchJgaksG4sg
p175
V"Animal" is the lead single from Neon Trees' debut album Habits. It debuted in October 2009 at #100 on the Billboard Hot 100[2] and has reached a peak of #13 in its 22nd week on the chart.[3] In Canada, the song debuted at number 95 on the Canadian Hot 100 and has climbed to No. 29.[3] The song has reached number one on the Billboard Alternative Songs chart after 32 weeks, making "Animal" their first number-one song on a Billboard chart.[4] This also broke the record for the longest length of time for a song to get to the top of that list after entering.[5] The song reached number two on the Billboard Rock Songs chart.[6] In one of the music videos of the song, the band is destroying an art gallery. On May 22, 2011, the song won Top Alternative Song in the 2011 Billboard Music Awards.
p176
sVe82VE8UtW8A
p177
V"Rude Boy" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna, taken from her fourth studio album, Rated R (2009). It was released as the album's third single on February 19, 2010, through Def Jam. Rihanna co-wrote the song with StarGate, Ester Dean, Makeba Riddick, and Rob Swire, with Swire also co-producing it with StarGate. "Rude Boy" is an up-tempo dancehall song which incorporates elements of raggamuffin. The song received mixed to positive reviews from critics; some called it is the highlight of the album, but others criticized Rihanna's "monotone" and "icy" vocal performance.
p178
sV8aRor905cCw
p179
V"Billionaire" is the debut single by American recording artist Travie McCoy, featuring guest vocals from Bruno Mars. It is the lead single from McCoy's debut studio album, Lazarus. The song was produced by The Smeezingtons, which consists of Mars, Philip Lawrence and Ari Levine. Lyrically, McCoy imagines what would happen if he became a billionaire, referencing all the good he would do to others with the money along with his desire to be on the cover of Forbes magazine, "smiling next to Oprah and The Queen".[4] As of July 2011, the song has sold 3 million digital downloads, making it Mars' third single to do so.[5]
p180
sVJqHliQijgvA
p181
V"My Chick Bad" is a song by American rapper Ludacris. The song features American recording artist Nicki Minaj, who co-wrote the song with Ludacris, Samuel Lindley, and Derrelle Davidson. The track was produced by The Legendary Traxster. "My Chick Bad" serves as the second single from Ludacris' eighth album, Battle of the Sexes. An official remix to the song was also released, featuring female rappers Diamond, Eve, and Trina.
p182
sV3taEuL4EHAg
p183
V"Blah Blah Blah" is a song by American recording artist Kesha from her debut album, Animal (2010). Produced by Benny Blanco, and co-written by Kesha, Blanco, Neon Hitch and Sean Foreman, it was released as the album's second single on February 19, 2010, and features 3OH!3. Initial writing of the song took place when Kesha, Blanco, Hitch and Foreman were discussing which sex talked more and which one was more "obnoxious." The song is a midtempo electropop song that speaks of men in the same way that they have talked about women in the music industry. The lyrics depict a woman who would rather have sex than listen to a man speak and features blatant come-ons throughout the song.
p184
sVHhuGQUZJot8
p185
V"Un-Thinkable (I'm Ready)" is a song performed by American recording artist Alicia Keys and has backing vocals provided by Canadian singer, Drake from her 2009 album, The Element of Freedom. It was initially scheduled to be the fifth single but it was released as the fourth single.[1] It was her first single to reach number one on the R&B chart in the United States since 2007's "Like You'll Never See Me Again"."Un-Thinkable (I'm Ready)" spent twelve consecutive weeks atop the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop, the longest-running number-one single of 2010, when the single was in its 12th week on top of the chart, Keys has completed a total of 54 weeks at #1 on the chart.
p186
sVf0T3WAbU6tg
p187
V"Already Gone" is a song performed by American pop singer-songwriter Kelly Clarkson from her fourth studio album, All I Ever Wanted. It is co-written by Clarkson and Ryan Tedder, who also produced it. The song was released as the album's third single in August 2009. Lyrically, "Already Gone" is about the breakup of a relationship; the music consists of an arrangement using a piano, drums, and string instruments.
p188
sVmqWq_48LxWQ
p189
V"Cooler than Me" is the debut single by American recording artist Mike Posner. Since its release it has peaked at number 6 on the Billboard Hot 100[1] and reached number one on Billboard's Hot Dance Airplay in its July 31, 2010 issue. The instrumental was produced by Gigamesh. Another version, labeled "Gigamesh Remix", was released on Mike Posner's October 2009 mixtape One Foot Out the Door. The original version features "Cooler Than Me" \u2013 Mike Posner & the Brain Trust Ft. Big Sean. Produced and engineered by Gigamech and Klepto of Larceny Entertainment. They were later removed on the single mix.
p190
sVN9hazmsUxrM
p191
V"Sexy Bitch" (also known as "Sexy Chick" in clean versions) is a song by French DJ David Guetta recorded for his fourth studio album One Love (2009). The song features vocals from Senegalese-American recording artist Akon. It was released as the second single from One Love internationally. The song was serviced to mainstream and rhythmic crossover radios on September 1, 2009 in the United States, through Astralwerks, together with Capitol Records.
p192
sVpsuRGfAaju4
p193
V"Fireflies" is the debut single from American electronica act Owl City's album Ocean Eyes. Relient K vocalist Matt Thiessen is featured as a guest vocalist on the song. Adam Young described the song as "a little song about bugs and not being able to fall asleep at night."[3] The song is built around a "bleepy" synthline and includes lyrics about insomnia, fireflies and summer.
p194
sVM11SvDtPBhA
p195
V"Party in the U.S.A." is a song by American recording artist and actress Miley Cyrus for her first extended play (EP) The Time of Our Lives (2009). It was released on August 11, 2009, by Hollywood Records as the lead single from the project. The song was written and produced by Dr. Luke, with additional songwriting provided by Jessie J and Claude Kelly. "Party in the U.S.A." was originally intended for Jessie J, but after deciding it was not edgy enough for her, they passed it to Cyrus and adjusted the lyrics to fit her persona. Not completely identifying with "Party in the U.S.A.", Cyrus chose it for The Time of Our Lives partially due to a need for tracks. The song is a pop song, while the lyrics reflect her relocating from Nashville, Tennessee, to Hollywood, California. This is one of three collaborations between Cyrus and Dr. Luke, with EP title track "The Time of Our Lives" and "Wrecking Ball" following in 2013.
p196
sVffej15-Dgl0
p197
V"Smile" is a song by Uncle Kracker from his 2009 album Happy Hour. The song is Uncle Kracker's first single since 2004's "Writing It Down". It has peaked at #31 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song is also his second entry on the Hot Country Songs charts, debuting at #57 on the week of November 7, 2009. Sheryl Crow sings backing vocals at the end. The song was featured in Bucky Larson: Born to Be a Star.
p198
sVDQYNM6SjD_o
p199
V"The House That Built Me" is a song written by Tom Douglas and Allen Shamblin, and recorded by American country music artist Miranda Lambert. Blake Shelton was originally set to record the song when Lambert heard it, she immediately wanted to record it for herself. It was released in March 2010 as the third single from her third studio album, Revolution. It is the fastest-rising single of her career, reaching the Top 20 in its eighth week. For the chart week of June 12, 2010, the song became Lambert's first Number One hit on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart, and held its place at the top for four consecutive weeks. Additionally, it was her second single to receive a platinum certification from the RIAA on January 31, 2011.[1]
p200
ss.